internet good morning my name is
magnitude today I have a battle against
Neil now if you were here yesterday
joining me I got squashed I got defeated
destroyed decimated times 10 I just got
utterly demolished so here we are back
for vengeance for revenge redemption any
other word that is a synonym to those we
have now I have cliff key mega Ampharos
azumarill malamar gogoat town fighting
me also as a mega Ampharos out buzzcard
out has a Umbreon tango with Crobat and
a chandelure now I'm noticing no real
lead other than crobat so my goal here
is to counter the crobat lead and
hopefully uh you know I can get an early
advantage because after yesterday's loss
I am really really itching for just I
just I just need a win or something here
you know I just got to get back into the
the winning swing you got a dope little
hat their little little pin girl do you
he's a crook like I thought so I go
klefki I'm thinking he's gonna you turn
out so I couple pranks or sub that's
always nice and he's gonna go I actually
thought into this I'm going to roll with
y'all I like that so it's not good we go
to your comp the eater of worlds but
he's not gonna doing things I don't want
to die do a u-turn so he's in computer
klefki and that's gonna do five that did
five damage to klefki five that's one
hand you need a count bet five get the
HP back now obviously I was hoping you
would go for overheat or Fire Blast and
miss so I shouldn't even get over heat
but my main thought was fire-blasted
miss so I'm thinking if we can get a
fire blast up and miss it's awesome but
they're like oh infiltrator Steve you're
an idiot kill yourself just jump in
front moving car just do what you could
we know value society just do it but
predicting the switch so i get a sort of
Nippon talonflame talonflame but are you
gonna avenge me from yesterday how would
a flare blitz how about a flare blitz
umbreon how about that you know don't
die but he goes for a curse I guess he
thought I would switch I'm not quite
sure it happened there or thought out
acrobatics and not flare blitz and they
would do us in half and get a curse up
and then came with a payback perhaps but
I go for an acrobat that's just kind of
take out the umbro the crib that
didn't mean that's there for effect
that's a kill kind of one crawled out
how about dead not craw dead number two
talonflame who showed us Frank
Chandelure this has got to be a joke
acrobatics in your face and your whole
body cuz you're dead number
three no am for us what he should have
gone in the first place he didn't become
mega but after taking out three was
pokemon i realize i don't really need
town for him anymore cuz since anthos
has no recovery at all the more david
acting and I'm the better so let's go
VAR flare blitz do more than half which
is fan absolutely just fantastic and
that's gonna he's gonna take me out what
kind of sucks however it's not really
the end of the world because I have your
goth the eater of worlds a thunderbolt
that's that's not gonna happen right now
let you this psycho cut and that's not
gonna kill your goth not really eating
world's here I should've gone for a
trigger room so dumb gogoat comes in
taking a thunder purpose is Go Go Go Go
could laugh he'd be laughing and federal
unfortunately all i can do is stare
intently dragon pulse might do a little
bit more yeah sure 00 crit horn leech
it's not it's not gonna kill him because
it's okay i'm gonna live one more dragon
holes unless another crit happens so i
guess this isn't really the end of the
world you know but we got a dragon pulse
coming in and go go gonna die go go die
I guess that's no good no he doesn't he
don't die you see what happened there
was there was a misdirection because
then we have a bit of a video error here
as we missed ampharos coming in becoming
mega and being hit with a leech seed if
I had any other battle to upload I would
have done this but unfortunately I am
limited resource wise and I apologize
for this really shitty ending but all
you miss was go-go dying and then mega
Ampharos coming in and becoming mega
cleaning house beat away Rick come and
stuff guys I'm sorry it happened this
way please forgive me Olivia what would
life